building-setup-windows10.rst: Updated the documentation (#3299)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/building-setup-windows10.rst

.. tip::

>   You can run XWindows applications (graphical programs, including SITL) by installing `VcXsrv <https://sourceforge.net/projects/vcxsrv/>`_, `Cygwin X <https://x.cygwin.com/>`_ or `Xming <https://sourceforge.net/projects/xming/>`_ on Windows. You will need to set the DISPLAY variable to point to your display: in WSL it is 127.0.0.1:0, in WSL2 it will be the ip address of the PC's network port and can be set by using the code below. For more information regarding configuring your XLaunch Software , you can take reference from `here <https://itservices.cas.unt.edu/software/windows-x-server-vcxsrv>`_. Also in WSL2 you may have to disable the firewall for public networks, or create an exception in order for VcXsrv to communicate with WSL2:

Reviewer: this creates a build error....cant have URL hotlinks with the same name within the same document...
```suggestion
  You can run XWindows applications (graphical programs, including SITL) by installing `VcXsrv <https://sourceforge.net/projects/vcxsrv/>`_, `Cygwin X <https://x.cygwin.com/>`_ or `Xming <https://sourceforge.net/projects/xming/>`_ on Windows. You will need to set the DISPLAY variable to point to your display: in WSL it is 127.0.0.1:0, in WSL2 it will be the ip address of the PC's network port and can be set by using the code below. For more information regarding configuring your XLaunch Software , you can refer to `this resource <https://itservices.cas.unt.edu/software/windows-x-server-vcxsrv>`_. Also in WSL2 you may have to disable the firewall for public networks, or create an exception in order for VcXsrv to communicate with WSL2:
```

Author: Got it .I will work on the changes. Thank You Sir!

Reviewer: you can click commit suggestion to accept changes also

Author: Thank you, Sir! I have made the changes please take a look
